alright so on that level I believe it's
47 yes i'm on level 4 you set him right
now this is on medium this is what I've
upgraded so far but the first two at
level 10 a level 11 level 10 I have not
bought the wizard I want to max out
my first row I actually want to do it in
order something just tells me that it is
probably i'm going to benefit from it
more when i hopped around on easy i
noticed that i had long periods of time
where I would not have money and I would
have to go back and I would actually
have to do levels over and over and over
to get coin so far I have not had to do
that too much but I don't find myself
really getting stuck most of the levels
i can eat within the first i would say
minute and a half to the first three
minutes and most of that is just with
using super gunners and the super
mortars mainly relying on the super
gunners and then just backing them up
with the mortars because the mortar does
have a
longer range to it as you see I do you
have the gold all the way up I have my
damage on the arrows to level 7 I
actually turn my arrows off once I start
mass producing a lot of soldiers
typically what I do is I only produce so
many off of the at the start so I can
hold them at bay once I am content with
that that I've can hold it back I
stopped the arrows and then I start
mass-producing I haven't really focused
on the range there's no real reason to
to shoot farther down right now doesn't
really matter where you hold the most of
the times I don't even max out the range
anyways so I'm not focused about that
fire speed I do max up I do have my mana
almost all the way up a cool time and I
have not listed one coin on the castle
just don't really see a reason to as you
can see I do have a little bit of coin
some James
this is what I've upgraded so far once I
do get the the first four upgraded i
will be buying the others I'm probably
going to buy the black wizard shortly
I'm probably not going to use them until
I do upgrade them because even uneasy
the black wizard was just not that
powerful right now my super gunners and
the super mortars are actually can take
out just about anything that comes up
with the help of the arrows the crossbow
but uh that's where I've gotten so far
it's quite beneficial for me I've had no
real issues I've had no areas where I've
had to go back in order to go forward
because I can beat him because my guys
were not strong enough or something like
that I've gradually upgraded everything
as I've went and everything comes out
quite easy actually